README.md, before:

# Level of Detail Exploration of Electronic Transition Ensembles using Hierarchical clustering

This repository contains code for the visual analysis pipeline to explore ensembles of electronic transitions ([paper presented at EuroVis 2022](https://diglib.eg.org/bitstream/handle/10.1111/cgf14544/v41i3pp333-344.pdf)).
It is built upon the [Inviwo visualization framework](https://inviwo.org/). To use it you will first need to checkout the [Inviwo github repository](https://github.com/inviwo/inviwo) and follow the [Inviwo build instructions](https://inviwo.org/manual-gettingstarted-build.html).
In CMake, add the path to the 'modules' folder in this repository to IVW_EXTERNAL_MODULES.

Python libraries needed:
- scikit learn
- scipy (>= 1.6.0)
- matplotlib

Some processors also require the [ElectronicTransitionsLOD repository](https://github.com/tbmasood/ElectronicTransitionsLOD) (using Java).

```
 @article{thygesen2022level,
  title={Level of Detail Exploration of Electronic Transition Ensembles using Hierarchical Clustering},
  author={Thygesen, Signe Sidwall and Masood, Talha Bin and Linares, Mathieu and Natarajan, Vijay and Hotz, Ingrid},
  year={2022}
}
```

Commit message:

Added that there is now an example workspace

README.md, after:

# Level of Detail Exploration of Electronic Transition Ensembles using Hierarchical clustering

This repository contains code for the visual analysis pipeline to explore ensembles of electronic transitions ([paper presented at EuroVis 2022](https://diglib.eg.org/bitstream/handle/10.1111/cgf14544/v41i3pp333-344.pdf)).
It is built upon the [Inviwo visualization framework](https://inviwo.org/). To use it you will first need to checkout the [Inviwo github repository](https://github.com/inviwo/inviwo) and follow the [Inviwo build instructions](https://inviwo.org/manual-gettingstarted-build.html).
In CMake, add the path to the 'modules' folder in this repository to IVW_EXTERNAL_MODULES.

Python libraries needed:
- scikit learn
- scipy (>= 1.6.0)
- matplotlib

Some processors also require the [ElectronicTransitionsLOD repository](https://github.com/tbmasood/ElectronicTransitionsLOD) (using Java).

An example workspace is located in the data folder in the MolecularChargeTransitions module, which uses some randomly generated test data. 

```
 @article{thygesen2022level,
  title={Level of Detail Exploration of Electronic Transition Ensembles using Hierarchical Clustering},
  author={Thygesen, Signe Sidwall and Masood, Talha Bin and Linares, Mathieu and Natarajan, Vijay and Hotz, Ingrid},
  year={2022}
}
```
